thread 0 checked coloumn no 1 and found to be valid
thread 0 checked coloumn no 2 and found to be valid
thread 0 checked coloumn no 3 and found to be valid
thread 0 checked coloumn no 4 and found to be valid
thread 0 checked coloumn no 5 and found to be valid
thread 0 checked coloumn no 6 and found to be valid
thread 0 checked coloumn no 7 and found to be valid
thread 0 checked coloumn no 8 and found to be valid
thread 0 checked coloumn no 9 and found to be valid
thread 0 checked coloumn no 10 and found to be valid
thread 0 checked coloumn no 11 and found to be valid
thread 0 checked coloumn no 12 and found to be valid
thread 0 checked coloumn no 13 and found to be valid
thread 0 checked coloumn no 14 and found to be valid
thread 0 checked coloumn no 15 and found to be valid
thread 0 checked coloumn no 16 and found to be valid
thread 0 checked coloumn no 17 and found to be valid
thread 0 checked coloumn no 18 and found to be valid
thread 0 checked coloumn no 19 and found to be valid
thread 1 checked coloumn no 20 and found to be valid
thread 1 checked coloumn no 21 and found to be valid
thread 1 checked coloumn no 22 and found to be valid
thread 1 checked coloumn no 23 and found to be valid
thread 1 checked coloumn no 24 and found to be valid
thread 1 checked coloumn no 25 and found to be valid
thread 1 checked coloumn no 26 and found to be valid
thread 1 checked coloumn no 27 and found to be valid
thread 1 checked coloumn no 28 and found to be valid
thread 1 checked coloumn no 29 and found to be valid
thread 1 checked coloumn no 30 and found to be valid
thread 1 checked coloumn no 31 and found to be valid
thread 1 checked coloumn no 32 and found to be valid
thread 1 checked coloumn no 33 and found to be valid
thread 1 checked coloumn no 34 and found to be valid
thread 1 checked coloumn no 35 and found to be valid
thread 1 checked coloumn no 36 and found to be valid
thread 1 checked coloumn no 37 and found to be valid
thread 1 checked coloumn no 38 and found to be valid
thread 2 checked coloumn no 39 and found to be valid
thread 2 checked coloumn no 40 and found to be valid
thread 2 checked coloumn no 41 and found to be valid
thread 2 checked coloumn no 42 and found to be valid
thread 2 checked coloumn no 43 and found to be valid
thread 2 checked coloumn no 44 and found to be valid
thread 2 checked coloumn no 45 and found to be valid
thread 2 checked coloumn no 46 and found to be valid
thread 2 checked coloumn no 47 and found to be valid
thread 2 checked coloumn no 48 and found to be valid
thread 2 checked coloumn no 49 and found to be valid
thread 2 checked coloumn no 50 and found to be valid
thread 2 checked coloumn no 51 and found to be valid
thread 2 checked coloumn no 52 and found to be valid
thread 2 checked coloumn no 53 and found to be valid
thread 2 checked coloumn no 54 and found to be valid
thread 2 checked coloumn no 55 and found to be valid
thread 2 checked coloumn no 56 and found to be valid
thread 2 checked coloumn no 57 and found to be valid
thread 3 checked coloumn no 58 and found to be valid
thread 3 checked coloumn no 59 and found to be valid
thread 3 checked coloumn no 60 and found to be valid
thread 3 checked coloumn no 61 and found to be valid
thread 3 checked coloumn no 62 and found to be valid
thread 3 checked coloumn no 63 and found to be valid
thread 3 checked coloumn no 64 and found to be valid
thread 3 checked coloumn no 65 and found to be valid
thread 3 checked coloumn no 66 and found to be valid
thread 3 checked coloumn no 67 and found to be valid
thread 3 checked coloumn no 68 and found to be valid
thread 3 checked coloumn no 69 and found to be valid
thread 3 checked coloumn no 70 and found to be valid
thread 3 checked coloumn no 71 and found to be valid
thread 3 checked coloumn no 72 and found to be valid
thread 3 checked coloumn no 73 and found to be valid
thread 3 checked coloumn no 74 and found to be valid
thread 3 checked coloumn no 75 and found to be valid
thread 3 checked coloumn no 76 and found to be valid
thread 4 checked coloumn no 77 and found to be valid
thread 4 checked coloumn no 78 and found to be valid
thread 4 checked coloumn no 79 and found to be valid
thread 4 checked coloumn no 80 and found to be valid
thread 4 checked coloumn no 81 and found to be valid
thread 4 checked coloumn no 82 and found to be valid
thread 4 checked coloumn no 83 and found to be valid
thread 4 checked coloumn no 84 and found to be valid
thread 4 checked coloumn no 85 and found to be valid
thread 4 checked coloumn no 86 and found to be valid
thread 4 checked coloumn no 87 and found to be valid
thread 4 checked coloumn no 88 and found to be valid
thread 4 checked coloumn no 89 and found to be valid
thread 4 checked coloumn no 90 and found to be valid
thread 4 checked coloumn no 91 and found to be valid
thread 4 checked coloumn no 92 and found to be valid
thread 4 checked coloumn no 93 and found to be valid
thread 4 checked coloumn no 94 and found to be valid
thread 4 checked coloumn no 95 and found to be valid
thread 5 checked coloumn no 96 and found to be valid
thread 5 checked coloumn no 97 and found to be valid
thread 5 checked coloumn no 98 and found to be valid
thread 5 checked coloumn no 99 and found to be valid
thread 5 checked coloumn no 100 and found to be valid
thread 5 checked row no 1 and found to be valid
thread 5 checked row no 2 and found to be valid
thread 5 checked row no 3 and found to be valid
thread 5 checked row no 4 and found to be valid
thread 5 checked row no 5 and found to be valid
thread 5 checked row no 6 and found to be valid
thread 5 checked row no 7 and found to be valid
thread 5 checked row no 8 and found to be valid
thread 5 checked row no 9 and found to be valid
thread 5 checked row no 10 and found to be valid
thread 5 checked row no 11 and found to be valid
thread 5 checked row no 12 and found to be valid
thread 5 checked row no 13 and found to be valid
thread 5 checked row no 14 and found to be valid
thread 6 checked row no 15 and found to be valid
thread 6 checked row no 16 and found to be valid
thread 6 checked row no 17 and found to be valid
thread 6 checked row no 18 and found to be valid
thread 6 checked row no 19 and found to be valid
thread 6 checked row no 20 and found to be valid
thread 6 checked row no 21 and found to be valid
thread 6 checked row no 22 and found to be valid
thread 6 checked row no 23 and found to be valid
thread 6 checked row no 24 and found to be valid
thread 6 checked row no 25 and found to be valid
thread 6 checked row no 26 and found to be valid
thread 6 checked row no 27 and found to be valid
thread 6 checked row no 28 and found to be valid
thread 6 checked row no 29 and found to be valid
thread 6 checked row no 30 and found to be valid
thread 6 checked row no 31 and found to be valid
thread 6 checked row no 32 and found to be valid
thread 6 checked row no 33 and found to be valid
thread 7 checked row no 34 and found to be valid
thread 7 checked row no 35 and found to be valid
thread 7 checked row no 36 and found to be valid
thread 7 checked row no 37 and found to be valid
thread 7 checked row no 38 and found to be valid
thread 7 checked row no 39 and found to be valid
thread 7 checked row no 40 and found to be valid
thread 7 checked row no 41 and found to be valid
thread 7 checked row no 42 and found to be valid
thread 7 checked row no 43 and found to be valid
thread 7 checked row no 44 and found to be valid
thread 7 checked row no 45 and found to be valid
thread 7 checked row no 46 and found to be valid
thread 7 checked row no 47 and found to be valid
thread 7 checked row no 48 and found to be valid
thread 7 checked row no 49 and found to be valid
thread 7 checked row no 50 and found to be valid
thread 7 checked row no 51 and found to be valid
thread 7 checked row no 52 and found to be valid
thread 8 checked row no 53 and found to be valid
thread 8 checked row no 54 and found to be valid
thread 8 checked row no 55 and found to be valid
thread 8 checked row no 56 and found to be valid
thread 8 checked row no 57 and found to be valid
thread 8 checked row no 58 and found to be valid
thread 8 checked row no 59 and found to be valid
thread 8 checked row no 60 and found to be valid
thread 8 checked row no 61 and found to be valid
thread 8 checked row no 62 and found to be valid
thread 8 checked row no 63 and found to be valid
thread 8 checked row no 64 and found to be valid
thread 8 checked row no 65 and found to be valid
thread 8 checked row no 66 and found to be valid
thread 8 checked row no 67 and found to be valid
thread 8 checked row no 68 and found to be valid
thread 8 checked row no 69 and found to be valid
thread 8 checked row no 70 and found to be valid
thread 8 checked row no 71 and found to be valid
thread 9 checked row no 72 and found to be valid
thread 9 checked row no 73 and found to be valid
thread 9 checked row no 74 and found to be valid
thread 9 checked row no 75 and found to be valid
thread 9 checked row no 76 and found to be valid
thread 9 checked row no 77 and found to be valid
thread 9 checked row no 78 and found to be valid
thread 9 checked row no 79 and found to be valid
thread 9 checked row no 80 and found to be valid
thread 9 checked row no 81 and found to be valid
thread 9 checked row no 82 and found to be valid
thread 9 checked row no 83 and found to be valid
thread 9 checked row no 84 and found to be valid
thread 9 checked row no 85 and found to be valid
thread 9 checked row no 86 and found to be valid
thread 9 checked row no 87 and found to be valid
thread 9 checked row no 88 and found to be valid
thread 9 checked row no 89 and found to be valid
thread 9 checked row no 90 and found to be valid
thread 10 checked row no 91 and found to be valid
thread 10 checked row no 92 and found to be valid
thread 10 checked row no 93 and found to be valid
thread 10 checked row no 94 and found to be valid
thread 10 checked row no 95 and found to be valid
thread 10 checked row no 96 and found to be valid
thread 10 checked row no 97 and found to be valid
thread 10 checked row no 98 and found to be valid
thread 10 checked row no 99 and found to be valid
thread 10 checked row no 100 and found to be valid
thread 10 checked grid no 1 and found to be valid
thread 10 checked grid no 2 and found to be valid
thread 10 checked grid no 3 and found to be valid
thread 10 checked grid no 4 and found to be valid
thread 10 checked grid no 5 and found to be valid
thread 10 checked grid no 6 and found to be valid
thread 10 checked grid no 7 and found to be valid
thread 10 checked grid no 8 and found to be valid
thread 10 checked grid no 9 and found to be valid
thread 11 checked grid no 10 and found to be valid
thread 11 checked grid no 11 and found to be valid
thread 11 checked grid no 12 and found to be valid
thread 11 checked grid no 13 and found to be valid
thread 11 checked grid no 14 and found to be valid
thread 11 checked grid no 15 and found to be valid
thread 11 checked grid no 16 and found to be valid
thread 11 checked grid no 17 and found to be valid
thread 11 checked grid no 18 and found to be valid
thread 11 checked grid no 19 and found to be valid
thread 11 checked grid no 20 and found to be valid
thread 11 checked grid no 21 and found to be valid
thread 11 checked grid no 22 and found to be valid
thread 11 checked grid no 23 and found to be valid
thread 11 checked grid no 24 and found to be valid
thread 11 checked grid no 25 and found to be valid
thread 11 checked grid no 26 and found to be valid
thread 11 checked grid no 27 and found to be valid
thread 11 checked grid no 28 and found to be valid
thread 12 checked grid no 29 and found to be valid
thread 12 checked grid no 30 and found to be valid
thread 12 checked grid no 31 and found to be valid
thread 12 checked grid no 32 and found to be valid
thread 12 checked grid no 33 and found to be valid
thread 12 checked grid no 34 and found to be valid
thread 12 checked grid no 35 and found to be valid
thread 12 checked grid no 36 and found to be valid
thread 12 checked grid no 37 and found to be valid
thread 12 checked grid no 38 and found to be valid
thread 12 checked grid no 39 and found to be valid
thread 12 checked grid no 40 and found to be valid
thread 12 checked grid no 41 and found to be valid
thread 12 checked grid no 42 and found to be valid
thread 12 checked grid no 43 and found to be valid
thread 12 checked grid no 44 and found to be valid
thread 12 checked grid no 45 and found to be valid
thread 12 checked grid no 46 and found to be valid
thread 13 checked grid no 47 and found to be valid
thread 13 checked grid no 48 and found to be valid
thread 13 checked grid no 49 and found to be valid
thread 13 checked grid no 50 and found to be valid
thread 13 checked grid no 51 and found to be valid
thread 13 checked grid no 52 and found to be valid
thread 13 checked grid no 53 and found to be valid
thread 13 checked grid no 54 and found to be valid
thread 13 checked grid no 55 and found to be valid
thread 13 checked grid no 56 and found to be valid
thread 13 checked grid no 57 and found to be valid
thread 13 checked grid no 58 and found to be valid
thread 13 checked grid no 59 and found to be valid
thread 13 checked grid no 60 and found to be valid
thread 13 checked grid no 61 and found to be valid
thread 13 checked grid no 62 and found to be valid
thread 13 checked grid no 63 and found to be valid
thread 13 checked grid no 64 and found to be valid
thread 14 checked grid no 65 and found to be valid
thread 14 checked grid no 66 and found to be valid
thread 14 checked grid no 67 and found to be valid
thread 14 checked grid no 68 and found to be valid
thread 14 checked grid no 69 and found to be valid
thread 14 checked grid no 70 and found to be valid
thread 14 checked grid no 71 and found to be valid
thread 14 checked grid no 72 and found to be valid
thread 14 checked grid no 73 and found to be valid
thread 14 checked grid no 74 and found to be valid
thread 14 checked grid no 75 and found to be valid
thread 14 checked grid no 76 and found to be valid
thread 14 checked grid no 77 and found to be valid
thread 14 checked grid no 78 and found to be valid
thread 14 checked grid no 79 and found to be valid
thread 14 checked grid no 80 and found to be valid
thread 14 checked grid no 81 and found to be valid
thread 14 checked grid no 82 and found to be valid
thread 15 checked grid no 83 and found to be valid
thread 15 checked grid no 84 and found to be valid
thread 15 checked grid no 85 and found to be valid
thread 15 checked grid no 86 and found to be valid
thread 15 checked grid no 87 and found to be valid
thread 15 checked grid no 88 and found to be valid
thread 15 checked grid no 89 and found to be valid
thread 15 checked grid no 90 and found to be valid
thread 15 checked grid no 91 and found to be valid
thread 15 checked grid no 92 and found to be valid
thread 15 checked grid no 93 and found to be valid
thread 15 checked grid no 94 and found to be valid
thread 15 checked grid no 95 and found to be valid
thread 15 checked grid no 96 and found to be valid
thread 15 checked grid no 97 and found to be valid
thread 15 checked grid no 98 and found to be valid
thread 15 checked grid no 99 and found to be valid
thread 15 checked grid no 100 and found to be valid
Sudoko is valid
Total time taken is 0.000617 in seconds
